OCPBUGS-43683: Clarify MTU configuration in SR-IOV network node policy (#87188)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-sriov-networknodepolicy-object.adoc

<5> Optional: The priority is an integer value between `0` and `99`. A smaller value receives higher priority. For example, a priority of `10` is a higher priority than `99`. The default value is `99`.

<6> Optional: The maximum transmission unit (MTU) of the physical function and all its virtual functions. The maximum MTU value can vary for different network interface controller (NIC) models.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
If you want to create virtual function on the default network interface, ensure that the MTU is set to a value that matches the cluster MTU.

If you want to modify the MTU of a single virtual function in the default network namespace, leave the MTU value blank in the SR-IOV network node policy.

> Otherwise, the SR-IOV Network Operator reverts the MTU of the virtual function to the MTU value defined in the SR-IOV network node policy, which triggers a node drain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, the SR-IOV Network Operator reverts the MTU of the virtual function to the MTU value defined in the SR-IOV network node policy, which may trigger a node drain.
```

There are cases where the node doesn't drain. As it doesn't happen 100%, I prefer to keep it a little vague.
